[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7 min and
marketing with Pam
my name is Pam dinner I love sharing a
little dose of b2b digital content
marketing and sales enablement 7 minutes
at a time I was listening to Kyle Porter
CEO of sales law delivered his keynote
as SAS start 17 it was a great keynote
the key takeaway was hey let's not
forget that sales is about building
human to human connections he was saying
that AI and technology are not here to
replace salespeople which is I agree if
sales and technology are damn right it's
about bringing more humanity to the
overall sales experience is about giving
insights so that you can better serve
your customers see that's the irony of
AI using artificial intelligence to
offer in real human connections build
that one-to-one experience with empathy
and caring and I love the way he thinks
and approaches AI and other technologies
I understand that AI and technology in
general is really about animation and
scalability and that's how I think about
it as well when I talk about AI I tend
to focus on what AI can do to automate
processes and predict customers
behaviors to increase conversions while
we automate as many activities as
possible
that's not lose sight of the key
objective does it improve the customer
experience and build personalized
connections to solve customers problems
that should be a question for the
questions that we ask when we inject AI
or new technology into our workflows
another thing that he touches on is that
three-tiered of account based marketing
and the three-tiered that he was talking
about is really not one to one one to
few and the one to many and that he was
talking about on suicide he approaches
account base
selling from ICP MCP and NCP's
perspective
obviously ICP I talk about it often it's
ideal customer profile and he defines
ICP as your strategic accounts the
counts that you want to get and you want
to close for these account sales have
customized game plans and tailored
messaging with a very specific cadence
of email phone calls and other
activities that sales will do to focus
on these accounts the next here is MC P
which is the minimal customer profile
and that's actually a new term for me I
did not hear that before and they are
you adhere to accounts they are
important and should be on the sales
radar the outreach uses a less
personalized approach say follow up with
phone calls email and select social
activities the next is NCP which stands
for a new customer profile this may be a
new industry segment that you want to
pursue sales approach is likely to be
standard email with a specific frequency
for all the tiers it's important that
you codify the processes so that it's
repeatable and scalable in ICP
MC P and NCP I'm fairly familiar with
ICP MCP and the NCP reminds me of a
different tier of a marketing support
that I created for different product
families when I was in a cup world I
allocate a marketing budget to these
different product families based on the
revenue and the business priorities
another thing I learned is that the tier
account be selling should be aligned
with account base marketing so whatever
tiers that sales is using should be
closely tied to the marketing strategy
again if you have any questions you know
where to reach me
just Google Pam dinner so if you like
the podcast please don't forget to leave
comments
I chose keep hustling my friends and got
this
[Music]